scoreGuess: take arg secret, take arg guess and take arg result. first we check if the guess is exactly the same as the secret word, if so we set every index[0-4] in result to g and return true. if not we make a for loop starting from zero and ends before 5. check if secret index i is equal to guess index i, if so we set result index i to g. otherwise we check check if guess index i exists anywhere in secret, if so we set result index i to y. If it fails both checks we set result index i to x. If it fails to return true on the first check of complete similiarty we return false and the result dependent dependent on whether the word i in the right spot or ateast in the secret word. 
validGuess: take in the guess, take in the vocab list made in load. In a for loop that starts at zero and ends when i becomes greater or equal to the vocab word count we check if the guess exists in the current index of the vocab, if it is return true, if not check the next word. We do this until we either return true or run out of words. If we run out of words return false. This effectively just checks the entire vocab list and compares the guess given to every word, if it matches with at least 1 word we say it's valid, if it doesn't match with anything we say it's invalid
load vocab: allocate 10 chars worth of memory. set our buffer to 7. use fgets to read each word and set each word to a spot in memory. Keep reading and putting words into memory until we run out of space, when we run out of space allocate 10 new slots into memory. We do this by checking if the amount of words we've saved is easily divisble by 10, if it we allocate more memory otherwise we continues as always. when we reach the end of the file we return our word list memory spot and close the file 
freevocab: as long as i is less than the number of words we free the vocab in index i and keep doing this until we reach the word max. when we do and move onto the vocab itself and free that. that's it